Add changeset guidelines to code quality doc (#9624)
wso2/identity-apps: docs/write-code/CODE_QUALITY.md

}
```

## Include changeset when sending a pull request

A changeset documents the changes made in your pull request, enabling automated versioning and changelog generation while ensuring clear communication of features, fixes, or breaking changes. Every PR should have an autogenerated changeset document in the `.changeset` folder.

**Why:**
- Changesets provide a clear record of what changes were made and their impact.
- Helps automate versioning and changelog generation.
- Ensures consistency in documenting changes across the project.
- Improves collaboration by making it explicit what features, fixes, or breaking changes are included.

**What to do:**

- Create a changeset file describing your changes using the changeset CLI before submitting your pull request.

**Example:**

Recommended:

Run the following command from the project root

```bash
pnpm changeset
```

Then follow the prompts to describe your changes, selecting the appropriate change type (major, minor, patch).

> - For the updates to **features**, **modules** directories, make sure to add console/myaccount accordingly as well, with a patch version update.

Author: ```suggestion
- For the updates to **features**, **modules** directories, make sure to also include the `apps/console` app (`@wso2is/console`) or `apps/myaccount` app (`@wso2is/myaccount`) in the changeset with a patch version update.
```

> - For the updates to **features**, **modules** directories, make sure to also include the `apps/console` app (`@wso2is/console`) or `apps/myaccount` app (`@wso2is/myaccount`) in the changeset with a patch version update.

Author: ```suggestion
- For the updates to **features**, **modules** directories, make sure to also include the `apps/console` app (`@wso2is/console`), `apps/myaccount` app (`@wso2is/myaccount`) or `identity-apps-core` module (`@wso2is/identity-apps-core`) in the changeset with a patch version update accordingly.
```
